STRATA MANAGEMENT ACT 2013 (ACT 757) - SELECTED EXTRACTS (paraphrased for demo purposes)

Section 21 - Duties and powers of the joint management body
21(1) The duties of the JMB include: to properly maintain and manage the building and the common property and keep
      it in a state of good and serviceable repair; to determine and impose Charges; to insure the building; to
      comply with notices from any local or public authority; and to prepare and maintain a register of parcel owners.

Section 25 - Charges and contribution to the sinking fund
25(1) The JMB shall determine the Charges to be paid by parcel owners for the maintenance and management of the
      common property, in proportion to the allocated share units of each parcel.
25(3) A parcel owner who fails to pay within 14 days of a written notice is liable to interest not exceeding 10% per annum.

Section 59 - Duties and powers of the management corporation
59(1) The management corporation shall properly maintain and manage the subdivided building and the common property,
      keep it in a state of good and serviceable repair, and comply with notices from local authorities.

Section 92 - Defect liability
92(1) The developer shall, within the defect liability period, rectify defects in the common property notified by the
      JMB or management corporation. Where the developer fails to do so, the JMB may carry out the works and recover
      the cost from the developer.

Strata Management (Maintenance and Management) Regulations 2015 - Inter-floor leakage
Reg. 55 A parcel owner or proprietor affected by inter-floor leakage may notify the management, which shall carry out
      an inspection within 7 days to determine the cause and the party responsible, and issue a certificate of inspection
      (Form 28).
Reg. 60 The party responsible shall carry out repairs within a reasonable time; otherwise the management may carry out
      the repairs and recover the cost.

Note: These extracts are simplified for a hackathon prototype. Refer to the gazetted Act and Regulations for authoritative text.
